Update external-functions.md (#37418)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/language-reference/functions/external-functions.md

```fs
// Using automatic marshaling of managed types
[<DllImport("kernel32.dll", 
    CallingConvention = CallingConvention.StdCall, 
    CharSet = CharSet.Unicode, 
    ExactSpelling = true)>]
extern bool GetBinaryTypeW([<MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.LPWStr)>] string lpApplicationName, uint& lpBinaryType);
```

`MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.LPWStr)` instructs the CLR to perform an automatic conversion between a .NET `string` and Windows native string representation when the function is called. `uint&` declares a `uint` that will be passed `byref` i.e. as a managed pointer. To obtain a managed pointer you use the address of `&` operator.

Alternately, you may wish to manage the marshalling of data types manually and declare the external functions using only [unmanaged types](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/unmanaged-types).

```fs
// Using unmanaged types
[<DllImport("kernel32.dll", CallingConvention = CallingConvention.StdCall, ExactSpelling = true)>]
extern int GetBinaryTypeW(nativeint lpApplicationName, uint* lpBinaryType);
```

> You could use [`Marshal.StringToHGlobalUni`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.interopservices.marshal.stringtohglobaluni) to convert a .NET string to native format and receive a pointer (`nativeint`) to it that could be supplied to `lpApplicationName`.

Reviewer: similar change, but use the XREF syntax for API reference:

```suggestion
You could use<xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.Marshal.StringToHGlobalUni%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> to convert a .NET string to native format and receive a pointer (`nativeint`) to it that could be supplied to `lpApplicationName`.
```

> To obtain a pointer to an integer you would use the pointer of `&&` operator or the [`fixed`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/fsharp/language-reference/fixed) keyword.

Reviewer: and one more:

```suggestion
To obtain a pointer to an integer you would use the pointer of `&&` operator or the [`fixed`](../language-reference/fixed.md) keyword.
```
